add guest support (#21929)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/whats-new-overview.md

### Search | Query
Optionally specify the sortable or refinable properties to collapse in the results of a [search request](/graph/api/resources/searchrequest).

[Search with multiple entity request](/graph/search-concept-multiplerequest) in the request body to retrieve items from different sources. 

> Guest users can search SharePoint or OneDrive items that are shared with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guest users can search for items within SharePoint or OneDrive that have been shared with them.
```
